---
layout : post
categories: [ios]
tags : [cocos2dx, 游戏开发]
keywords : cocos2dx, 游戏开发
excerpt: 
---
{% include JB/setup %}



Ios游戏审核又悲剧了, 这次是离线数据的问题, 全文:

> Reasons
> 
> 2.23: Apps must follow the iOS Data Storage Guidelines or they will be rejected
> ----- 2.23 -----
> 
> We found that your app does not follow the iOS Data Storage Guidelines, which is required per the App Store Review Guidelines.
> 
> In particular, we found that on launch and/or content download, your app stores 2.29 MB. To check how much data your app is storing:
> 
> - Install and launch your app
> - Go to Settings > iCloud > Storage & Backup > Manage Storage 
> - If necessary, tap "Show all apps" 
> - Check your app's storage
> 
> The iOS Data Storage Guidelines indicate that only content that the user creates using your app, e.g., documents, new files, edits, etc., should be backed up by iCloud. 
> 
> Temporary files used by your app should only be stored in the /tmp directory; please remember to delete the files stored in this location when the user exits the app.
> 
> Data that can be recreated but must persist for proper functioning of your app - or because customers expect it to be available for offline use - should be marked with the "do not back up" attribute. For NSURL objects, add the NSURLIsExcludedFromBackupKey attribute to prevent the corresponding file from being backed up. For CFURLRef objects, use the corresponding kCFURLIsExcludedFromBackupKey attribute. 
> 
> For more information, please see Technical Q&A 1719: How do I prevent files from being backed up to iCloud and iTunes?.
> 
> It is necessary to revise your app to meet the requirements of the iOS Data Storage Guidelines. 
> 
> For discrete code-level questions, you may wish to consult with Apple Developer Technical Support. When the DTS engineer follows up with you, please be ready to provide:
> 
> - complete details of your rejection issue(s)
> - screenshots
> - steps to reproduce the issue(s)
> - symbolicated crash logs - if your issue results in a crash log
> 
> If you have difficulty reproducing a reported issue, please try testing the workflow as described in Technical Q&A QA1764: How to reproduce bugs reported against App Store submissions.

说的很清楚了, 说的很明白了, 把离线数据加上离线的属性 

如果在doc目录下确实有很大的文件或文件夹而又不方便移到cache目录，则可以对这个文件或文件夹调用

> - (BOOL)addSkipBackupAttributeToItemAtURL:(NSURL *)URL

这个方法在苹果的在线文档里有。